feat: added grafana and prometheus on top (#10)
kurtosis-tech/cassandra-package: README.md

kurtosis run github.com/kurtosis-tech/cassandra-package '{"num_nodes": <required_number_of_nodes>}'
```

If you want to run this with monitoring on top; use

```
kurtosis run github.com/kurtosis-tech/cassandra-package '{"monitoring_enabled": true}'
```

> This will spin up Prometheus and Grafana on top of Cassandra using a `jmx_exporter`. If you copy the Grafana URL from the output of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will spin up local instances of Prometheus and Grafana connected to your Cassandra cluster using a `jmx_exporter`. If you copy the Grafana URL from the output of
```
